This is a BU ECE MS Thesis and PhD Dissertation preparation package for
LaTeX/BiBTeX typsetting environment.

The main thesis file "thesis.tex" calls other files included in individual
directories. LaTeX style is defined in "bu_ece_thesis.sty", while bibliography
LaTeX style is defined in "apalike.sty" and bibliography BiBTeX style is
defined in "apalike.bst".

There is included an additional title page (do not hand it in at the library)
to print boxed-in title, author and degree statement so that they are visible
through the opening in BU covers used for reports. This makes a nicely bound
copy.

You can easily add new chapters by creating new sub-directories and adding new
EPS files to "Figures" sub-directory in each chapter (note that a graphics path
can be set in each chapter so that when inserting EPS files you do not need to
include the full path - files are found automatically if placed in "Figures").

This package has been tested under Linux on ISS server, but should work well
with MiKTeX on Windows. It has not been tested on a Mac. However, please note
that the default setup in your particular incarnation of Latex may differ from
the one from ISS server, and, therefore, dimensions, margins, etc. may not
conform to BU thesis requirements.  You can easily manipulate the following
parameters to meet BU thesis requirements:

  in thesis.tex file:

  * \documentclass[12pt]{report}          - font size (10pt, 11pt, 12pt)
  * \documentclass[12pt,twoside]{report}  - double-sided printing (not for
                                            library)

  in bu_ece_thesis.sty file:

  * \oddsidemargin 0.5in       - left margin
  * \evensidemargin 0.0in      - right margin, only for double-sided printing
  * \textwidth 6.0in           - width of text leaving about 1" right margin
  * \topmargin 0in             - top margin together with head separator give
  * \headsep 24pt                the total 1.5" top margin
  * \textheight 8.5in          - text height leaving about 1" margin at bottom

The confusion (Why 0.5" left margin results in 1.5" margin on paper?) stems
from the fact that there exist hidden margins, usually set to 1", that are
setup during installation. If these are not 1" then the above values will be
off. The fact that 1"+0.5" may not equal exactly 1.5" stems from the fact that it
was fine-tuned for a specific printer, which may have its own offset.

In summary, you need to fine tune these parameters yourself for your specific
Latex installation and printer.

PDF caveat: In order to create a good-quality PDF version of the thesis
(especially if it includes grayscale images) under Linux, first prepare a
PostScript file using "dvips -P pdf -G0 " (G0 fixes the ligature problem), and
then convert to PDF as follows:

"ps2pdf -dMaxSubsetPct=100 -dCompatibilityLevel=1.2 \
             -dSubsetFonts=true -dEmbedAllFonts=true -dAutoFilterColorImages=false \
             -dAutoFilterGrayImages=false -dColorImageFilter=/FlateEncode \
             -dGrayImageFilter=/FlateEncode -dModoImageFilter=/FlateEncode  "

However, this process slightly reduces page size and should only be used to
prepare a PDF version for web use, archiving, etc. In order to print for the
library, please use directly the "dvips" command. If you are printing from
Windows, whether to a printer or PDF, make sure that no scaling takes place
in the software you are using for printing.
